select id,
sum(case when month = 'Jan' then revenue end) as Jan_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Feb' then revenue end) as Feb_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Mar' then revenue end) as Mar_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Apr' then revenue end) as Apr_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'May' then revenue end) as May_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Jun' then revenue end) as Jun_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Jul' then revenue end) as Jul_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Aug' then revenue end) as Aug_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Sep' then revenue end) as Sep_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Oct' then revenue end) as Oct_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Nov' then revenue end) as Nov_Revenue,
sum(case when month = 'Dec' then revenue end) as Dec_Revenue from Department
group by id
â€‹
select id,
sum(if(month='Jan',revenue,null)) as Jan_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Feb',revenue,null)) as Feb_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Mar',revenue,null)) as Mar_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Apr',revenue,null)) as Apr_Revenue,
sum(if(month='May',revenue,null)) as May_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Jun',revenue,null)) as Jun_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Jul',revenue,null)) as Jul_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Aug',revenue,null)) as Aug_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Sep',revenue,null)) as Sep_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Oct',revenue,null)) as Oct_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Nov',revenue,null)) as Nov_Revenue,
sum(if(month='Dec',revenue,null)) as Dec_Revenue
from Department
group by id;